Updated all the references from ARIA 1.1 to 1.2 (#1881)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/aria-state-or-property-valid-value-6a7281.md

  This rule checks that each ARIA state or property has a valid value type.
accessibility_requirements:

>   aria11:state_prop_values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  aria12:state_prop_values:
```

`aria-checked` state with empty value

> **Note**: The HTML validator flags an `aria-checked` attribute with an empty value as an issue. However, since WAI-ARIA 1.1, `aria-checked` has a default value of `undefined`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: The HTML validator flags an `aria-checked` attribute with an empty value as an issue. However, since WAI-ARIA 1.2, `aria-checked` has a default value of `undefined`.
```

Reviewer 3: With the "since", I'd say "Since 1.1" is still the correct version 🤔 Maybe
```suggestion
**Note**: The HTML validator flags an `aria-checked` attribute with an empty value as an issue. However, in WAI-ARIA 1.2, `aria-checked` has a default value of `undefined`.
```

> **Note**: The HTML validator flags an `aria-checked` attribute with an empty value as an issue. However WAI-ARIA 1.2 indicates `aria-checked` has a default value of `undefined`.

Reviewer 4: It feels like this should be something like "However, since WAI-ARIA 1.1, `aria-checked` has a default value of `undefined`." If this was true with 1.0, then adjust as needed. The release of 1.2 didn't make the statement untrue for the earlier version of ARIA. Changing the version here makes it seems as if this is new for 1.2.

> **Note**: The HTML validator flags an `aria-checked` attribute with an empty value as an issue. However WAI-ARIA 1.2 indicates `aria-checked` has a default value of `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The HTML validator flags an `aria-checked` attribute with an empty value as an issue. However, since WAI-ARIA 1.1, `aria-checked` has a default value of `undefined`.
```
